in the snorting of motorcycles the announcement of a
adrenaline-filled test
the end of the state enduro cup
happened on this lane next to the
among the obstacles were
created by tire passes and even by a
Old cacon is for the competitors
show performance on two wheels
pilots also faced the challenges
a rain proof always
makes racing more difficult
is not ideal but the proof is that
of obstacles and natural rainfall has ended
being a natural obstacle to reaching
until this final test the drivers
played nine other stages altogether
are 10 kilometers of track that require
courage and technique of pilots
The challenge is to go all the way
as little time as possible and the public can
see everything up close has that in five stores
with snoring of the engines but also who
does not ask for a detail of the
the state endurance cup is
also a good stimulus for those who
that age already dreams of being a pilot
Lucas's father knows full well that he is
running a canopy flame Copa São Paulo
motocross has already raced five
step I do not jump it so random
that analyzes the risk that can time and not
is that Lucas is already training
the end of the state enduro cup
attracted hundreds of people on Sunday in
limeira and was attended by the
vehicles and musical attractions